Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I feel like defining and assigning methods for the resale shop class was very straightforward. The procedural_resale_shop.py file was very helpul in outlining what functionality the resale shop object should have. I thought it made sense to save the inventory and current item ID as attributes for the resale shop object. The only thing that gives me some concern is the use of the item Id as an attribute. Everytime the buy() method is utilized, the itemID attribute increases by 1 to reflect the ID of the most recent computer purchased. Thus, for the scope of this assignment I decided not to worry too much about it, but, if I were to go more in depth with this assignment I would have to be more careful about how the itemID attribute is used. It might be such that the itemID will have to be a parameter that's always entered into the methods but this seemed kind of tedious... 

Moreover, defining the computer class brought about some confusions. Assigning the computer attributes was easy since it was obvious what information had to be stored in for the computer object. I was a little unclear on what methods should be exclusive to the resale shop class and which ones should be exclusive to the computer class. I thought it would make sense for the computer to be able to refurbish itself and update price. I also needed a way for the inventory to reflect these changes so I made a new method for the resale shop class that takes in the new computer object and replaces it within the inventory. The only thing is that we would have to call shop.update(computer_object) after any change we enact on the computer object.

Lastly, I wasn't sure if we should edit main at all but I added my own code underneath the already written code just to show that I can accomplish the same exact thing using an object oriented approach. 

Overall, I learned from this assignment that some things are straightforward and others can have some variability/flexibility when it comes to programming. There's probably a myriad of other ways this assignment could have been completed but I found interacting with the professor and peers through slack to be very helpful. The advice I would give is ask questions and collaborate with others! :)
